Comrade Zhou is here
He's here to deliver the dowry
What's up?
God, Zhou Yuesun actually sent so many things.
These ten miles and eight townships are not given like this.
I should have known that Zhou Yuesheng was so generous
Let my daughter marry him
Now it's my daughter who enjoys such a great blessing
Son-in-law, there are too many of these things
The last dowry has not been recovered yet.
The previous 3,000 betrothal gifts were for people
If it's lost, even if it's a thought
It's so unfair to him.
My family is blessed
miss
I have to live a good life with Comrade Zhou in the future, you know?
I'm back
Outside these two days
Did you not eat well?
I've lost weight, I want to deliver the goods quickly.
miss
What are you doing here?
Did you come to you like us?
Well congratulations
Let's go miss
To stimulate me
It's stupid how you marry